# Unit 3. Present Continuous and Simple Present 1 (I am doing and I do)
## A. Compare:
### a. Present continuous(I am doing)
#### 말하는 시점에 진행중인 사건/상황
* The water **is boiling.** Can you turn it off?
* Listen to those people. What language **are** they **speaking**?
* Let's go out. It **isn't raining** now.
* "I'm busy." "What **are** you **doing**?"
* I **'m getting** hungry. Let's eat.
* Kate wants to work in Italy, so she**'s learing** Italian.
* The popluation of the world **is increasing** very fast.

#### 일시적인 상황
* I **'m living** with some friends untile I find a place of my own.
* You **'re working** hard today.

### b. Simple present(I do)
#### 일반적인 사실이나 반복적인 사건 
* Water **boils** at 100 degrees Celsius.
* Excuse me, **do** you **speak** English?
* It **doesn't** rain very much in summer.
* What **do** you usually **do** after work?
* I always **get** hungry in the afternoon.
* Most people **learn** to swim when they are children.
* Every day the population of the world **increases** by about 200,000 people.

#### 오랜시간 동안 지속된 영구적인 상황
* My parents **live** in Vancouver. They have lived there all their lives.
* John isn't lazy. He **works** hard most of the time. 

## B. I always do and I'm always doing
### I always do (something) = I do it every time.
* I always drive to work. (not I'm always driving)
### "I'm always doing something" = I do something very often.
* I've lost my key again. **I'm always losing** things. = I lose things very often.

* You**'re always watching** telvision. You sould do smething more active.
(= You watch too much television)

* Tim is never satisfied. He**'s always coplaining.** 
(= He complains too much)
