# Unit 6 - Past Continuous (I was doing)
## A. Study this example situation:
Yesterday Karen and Jim played tennis. They began at 10:00 and finished at 11:30. So, at 10:30 they **were playing** tennis. 

They **were playing** = they were in the middle of playing. They had not finished playing.

**Was** / **were -ing** is the past continuous:
I/he/she/it **was** play**ing**
we/you/they **were** do**ing**, work**ing**, etc.

## B. I **was doing** something = 과거에 동작(상황)이 진해중이 었음
* This time last year I **was living** in Brazil. (작년 이맘떄)
* What **were** you **doing** at 10:00 last night?
* I waved to Helen, but she **wasn't looking**. (손을 흔들다)

## C. Compare the past continous (I was doing) and simple past (I did):
### Past continous (in the middle of an action)
* I **was walking** home when I met Dave.
* Kate **was watching** television when we arrived.

### Simple past (complete action)
* I **walked** home after the party last night.
* Kate **watched** television a lot when she was sick last year.

## D. 어떤 것이 중간에 사건이 발생한 것을 표현할 때 the simple past and the past continuous를 함께 사용
* Matt **burned** his hand while he **was cooking** dinner.
* It **was raining** when I **got** up.
* I **saw** you in the park yesterday. You **were sitting** on the grass and **reading** a book.
* I **hurt** my back while I **was working** in the garden.

### the simple past와 함께 사건 전후를 표현할 수도 있음
* I **was walking** downtown when I **saw** Dave. So I **stopped**, and we **talked** for a while.

### Compare:
* When Karen arrived, we **were having** dinner. (= we had already started before she arrived)
* When Karen arrived, we **had** dinner. (= Karen arrived, and then we had dinner together)

## E. know, want 등은 continuous를 사용하지 않음(Unit 4 참조)
* We were good friends. We knew each other well. (not We were knowing)
* I was haing a good time at the party, but Chris **wanted** to go home. (not was wanting)
