# Unit 1. Present Continuous (I am doing)
## 1.A. 상황 예시
Sarah is in her car. She is on her way to work.
She **is driving** to work.

This means: she is driving now, at the time of speaking.
The action is not finished.

형태 : Am/is/are + -ing is the present continues.

## 1.B. 동작을 하는중
I am doing something = I'm in the middle of doing it; I've started doing it and I haven't finished yet
* Please don't make so much noise. I**'m trying** to work. (not I try)
* "Where's Mark?" "He**'s talking** a shower." (not He takes a shower)
* Let's go out now. It **isn't raining** anymore. (no It doesn't rain)
* (at a party) Hello, Jane. **Are** you **enjoying** the party?
* What's all that noise? What's going on? (= What's hapenning?)

# 1.C. today / this week/ this year, etc(periods around now)와 함께 사용
today / this week / this year, etc (peridos around now)

* You**'re working** hard **today**. (not You work hard today)
* The company I work for **isn't doing** so well **this year**.

# 1.D. 지금 변화가 일어나고 있는 것
get, change, become, increase, rise, fall, grow, improve, begin, start

* Is your English getting better? (not Does your English get better)
* The population of thw world is increasing very fast. (not increases)
* At first I didn't like my job, but I'm beginning to enjoy it now. (not I begin)

# Unit 2. Simple Present (I do)
## 2.A. 상황 예시
Alex is a bus driver, but now he is in bed asleep.
He is not driving a bus. (He is asleep.)
but He drives a bus. (He is a bus driver.)
Drive(s) / work(s) / do(es), etc., is the simple present

## 2.B. 항상 또는 반복적으로 일어나거나, 일반적인 사실
* Nurses take care of patients in hospital.
* I usually leave for work at 8 a.m.
* The earth goes around the sun.
* The coffee shop opens at 7:30 in the morning.

## 2.C. do / does를 의문문, 부정문을 만들 때 사용 
* I come from Japen. Where do you come from?
* I don't go to church very often.
* What does this word mean? (not What means this word?)
* Rice doesn't grow in cold climates.

## 2.D. 빈도를 말할 때 simple present 사용
* I get up at 8:00 every morning.
* How often do you go to the dentist?
* Julie doesn't drink tea very often.
* Robert usually plays tennns two or three times a week in the summer.

## 2.E. I promise / I apologiz, etc.
* I advice ... / I insist ... / I refuse ... / I suppose ... , etc
* I promise I won't be late. (not I'm promising)
* "What do you suggest I do?" "I suggest that you spend less money."

