# Unit 10-Present Perfect Continuous(I have been doing)
## A. The present perfect continous는 어떤 활동이 최근 혹은 막 끝났을 때 사용
### 형태
* It has been raining.
* It it raining?
* No, but the ground is wet.

* It **has been raining**.
* **Have** / **has been -ing** is the *present perfect continuous*:
* I/we/they/you **have** (= I'**ve**, etc.) **been** do**ing**
* he/she/it **has** (= he'**s**, etc.) **been** wait**ing**, play**ing**, etc

### 예시 
* You're out of breath. **Have** you **been running**? (= you're out of breath *now*)
* Jason is very tired. He'**s been working** very hard. (= he's tired *now*)
* Why are your clothes so dirty? What **have** you **been doing**?
* (on the phone) I'm glad you called. I'**ve been thinking** about calling you ...
* Where have you been? I'**ve been looking** everywhere for you.
(어디 있었니? - 너를 모든 곳에서 찾고 있었어)

## B. 어떤 활동이 계속 일어나거나 막 끝났을 때 
* **It has been raining for tow hours.**

* It began raining tow hoursago,and it is still raining.
* How long **has** it **been raining**?
* It **has been raining** for two hours.

We use the present perfect continous in this way with **how long, for,** and **since**.

### 예시
* **How long have** you **been studying** English? (= you're still studying English)
* Time is still watching television. He'**s been watching** television **all day**.
* Where have you been? I'**ve been looking** for you **for the last half hour**.
* Christopher **hasn't been feeling** well **recently**.

### 어떤 동작이 기간동안 방복적으로 일어날 때 
* Debbie is a very good tennis player. She'**s been playing since she was eight**.
* Every morning they meet in the same cafe. They'**ve been going** there **for years**.

## C. Compare *I am doing* and *I have been doing*
### Present Perfect(*I am doing*)
* Don't bother me now. I'**m working**.
* We need an umbrella. It'**s raining**.
* Hurry up! We'**re waiting**.

### Present Perfect Continous(*I have been doing*)
* I'**ve been working** hard. Now I'm going to take a break.
* The ground is wet. It'**s been raining**.
* We'**ve been waiting** for an hour.
