# Unit 5. Simple Past (I did)
## A. Study this examples
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was an Austrian musician and composer. He **lived** from 1756 to 1791. He **started** composing at the age of five and **wrote** more than 600 pices of music. He **was** only 35 years old when he **died**.

**Lived** / **started** / **wrote** / **was** / **died** are all simple past.

## B. Simple past 형태
### 규칙 변화 -ed
* I work in a travel agency now. I **worked** in a department store before.
* We invited them to our party, but they **decided** not to come.
* The police **stopped** me on my way home last night.
* Laura **passed** her exam becuase she **studied** very hard.

### 불규칙 변화 
write -> wrote 
* Mozart wrote more than 600 pieces of music.

see -> saw 
* We **saw** Rose at the mall a few days ago.

go -> went 
* I **went** to the movies three times last week.

shut -> shut 
* It was cold, so I shut the window.

## C. 의문문, 부정문에 did / didn't 사용 
### 
* I enjoyed
* did you enjoyed?
* I didn't enjoy

-----
* she saw
* did she see?
* she didn't see

-----
* they went
* did they go?
* they didn't go

-----

* A: **Did** you **go** out last night?
* B: Yes, I **went** to the movies, but I **didn't enjoy** the film much.
* "When **did** Mr. Thomas **die**?" "About 10 years ago."
* They **didn't invite** her to the party, so she **didn't go.**
* "**Did** you **have** time to write the letter?" "No, I **didn't**."

* What **did** you **do** on the weekend? (not What did you on the weekend?)

## D. The past of **be** (**am**/**is**/**are**) is **was** / **were**
I/he/she/it **was**/**wasn't**

we/you/they **were**/**waren't**

### 의문문, 부정문에서 did를 사용하지 않음에 유의 
* I **was** angry because they **were** late.
* **Was** the weather good when you **were** on vacation?
* They **waren't** able to come because they **were** so busy.
* Did you go out last night, or **were** you too tired?
* I **didn't do** anything** (not I didn't anything)
