# Unit 8-Present Perfect and Past 1(I have done and I did)

## A. 예시
### present perfect를 최근 또는 새로 발생한 사건에 사용할 수 있음 
* I'**ve lost** my keys. **Have** you **seen** them?
* "Is Sally here?" "No, she'**s gone** out."
* The police **have arrested** two people in connection with the robbery.

### simple past 또한 사용할 수 있음 
* I **lost** my keys. **Did** you **see** them?
* "Is Sally here?" "No, she **went** out."
* The police **arrested** two people in connection with the robbery.

## B. 새로운 정보 
* Have you heard? Bill and Sarah **have won** the lottery!
* The road is closed. There'**s been**(there **has been**) an accident.

### simple past(not the present perfect)는 최근에 관한 것이 아님
* Mozart **was** a composer. He **wrote** more than 600 pieces of music. (not has been ... has written)
* My mother **grew** up in Chile. (not has grown)

Compare:
* Shakespeare wrote many plays.
* My brother is a writer. He **has written** many books. (he still writes books)

## C. present perfect는 항상 현재와 관련된 것을 말한다
* I'm sorry, but I've forgotten your name. (= I can't remember it now)
* Sally isn't here. She's gone out. (= she is out now)
* I can't find my bag. Have you seen it? (=do you know where it is now?)

### simple past는 현재 상황과 다를 때 사용한다 
* It **has stopped** raining, so you don't need the umbrella.
* It **stopped** raining for a while, but now it's raining again.

## D. simple past or present perfect를 just, already, yet과 함께 사용할 수 있다
### Just = a short time ago:
* A: Are you hungry?
* B: No, I just had lunch. or I've just had lunch.
* A: Why are you so happy?
* B: I just heard some good nes. or I've just heard some good nes.

### We use **already** to say that something happended sooner than expected:
* A: Don't forget to mail the letter.
* B: I already mailed it. or I've already mailed it.
* A: What time is Mark leaving?
* B: He already left. or He's already left.

### Yet = until now.
* Did it stop raining yet? or Has it stopped raining yet?
* I wrote the letter, but I didn't mail it yet or ... I haven't mailed it yet.
