# Unit 7-Present Perfect (I have done)
## A. example conversation:
Dave: **Have** you **traveled** a lot, Jane?

Jane: Yes, I'**ve been** to lots of places.

Dave: Really? **Have** you ever **been** to China?

Jane: Yes, I'**ve been** to China twice.

Dave: What about India?

Jane:No, I **haven't been** to India.

**have**/**has** + traveled/been/done, etc(past participle) is the present perfect.

## B. 과거부터 현재까지에 대해 얘기할 때
* **Have** you ever **eaten** caviar? (in your life)
* We'**ve** never **had** a car.
* "**Have** you **read** Hamlet?" "No, I **haven't read** any of Shakespeare's plays."
* Susan really loves that movie. She'**s seen** it eight times!
* What a boring movie! It's the most boring movie I'**ve** ever **seen**.

## C. 과거부터 현재까지 (recently / in the last few days / so far / since breakfast, etc)
* **Have** you **heard**  from Brian **recently**?
* I'**ve met** a lot of people **in the last few days.**
* Everything is going well. We **haven't had** any problems **so far**.
* I'm hungry. I **haven't eaten** anything **since breakfast**.
* It's nice to see you again. We **haven't seen** each other **for a long time**.

## D. 과거부터 현재까지 (today / this morning / this year)
* I'**ve drunk** four cups of coffee **today**.
* **Have** you **had** a vacation **this year**(yet)?
* I **haven't seen** Tom **this morning**. **Have** you?
* Rob **hasn't studied** very hard **this semester**.

## E. It's the (first) time something **has happend**.
* Don is taking a driving lesson. It's his first one. 
* It's the first time he **has driven** a car. (not drives)
* He **has never driven** a car **before**.

* Sara has lost her passport again. This is the second time this **has happend**. (not happends)

* Bill is calling his girlfriend again. That's the third time he'**s called** her tonight.
